Welcome to this course and thank you for investing in it.
My name is Tibaijuka and on the course instructor.
So I'm assuming you're here because you want to get Java certified.
And that's what this course is all about, Oracle, the owners of the Java language and the company
who create the exam that you will ultimately need to pass to become Java certified, like messing with
you in various ways, a set exam, and that exams because only very recently have they swapped back
to a single exam to become Java certified instead of the two exams you previously needed to pass.
That's a huge bonus for you.
Oracle often is tricky, rarely used syntax in their exam.
Questions to try and trip you up.
But don't worry, I've got your back.
He will be carrying over all that tricky stuff and the regular stuff you need to know in order to pass
the exam.
We'll be using Javor 11 in this course and not the just released job of 15 as of September 20 21, I'm
recording this if you don't know why Chapter 11 is being used.
I urge you to check out the Witcover 11 video of this section.
So as you can see by the name of this course, this is part one of my Java certification set of exam
courses for the zero eight one nine exam.
Why have I got to Java certification courses?
Well, technically, three if you include the now outdated Java.
Right.
Certification course.
Well, there's a reason for that.
Check out the courses to take to get Java certified video again in this section.
Now, what's the deal with all these wheat codes Oracle uses anyway?
I'm talking about the one zero eight one nine one zero eight one six one zero zero eight, et cetera.
Yes, I've got a video for that.
Check out to which Oracle exam.
I need to take video again in this section.
So I could go with help for all those videos I've just talked about or just watch them because they're
coming up in order, starting with an overview of what's in this course in the next video.